Enumerate Node.js APIs on main Node.js docs page (#20539)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/index.mdx

</WranglerConfig>

## Supported Node.js APIs

The runtime APIs from Node.js listed below as "🟢 supported" are currently natively supported in the Workers Runtime.

> [Deprecated, experimental, and not yet stable APIs from Node.js](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/documentation.html#stability-index) are not included as part of the list below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Deprecated or experimental APIs from Node.js](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/documentation.html#stability-index) are not included as part of the list below:
```

| [Path](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/path/)                                           | 🟢 supported                              |
| Performance hooks                                                                    | 🟡 partially supported                    |
| Process                                                                              | 🟢 supported                              |
| Query strings                                                                        | 🟢 supported                              |
| Readline                                                                             | ⚪ not supported                          |
| Stream                                                                               | 🟢 supported                              |
| [String decoder](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/string-decoder/)                       | 🟢 supported                              |
| Test runner                                                                          | ⚪ not supported                          |
| [Timers](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/timers/)                                       | 🟢 supported                              |

> | TLS/SSL                                                                              | ⚪ not supported                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TLS/SSL                                                                              | 🟢 supported                          |
```

Reviewer 2: For modules like tls and net where we intentionally have only partial support, how do we want to express it?

Author: `🟡 partially supported ` + link to the page in our docs that explains (think we need a page for this)

Author: ```suggestion
| TLS/SSL                                                                              | 🟡 partially supported                         |
```
